[stomach growls]
Sorry, that was my stomach.
It's fine. What's your name?
[gasps] It's Denji, ma'am!
[MAKIMA]
Make a mental note, Denji.
You have agreed
to become my pet.
So you're officially
under my care now.
Which means "woof" or "yes"
are all you say.
Things like "no"
don't come out of my dogs.
[DENJI gasps]
You're kidding, right?
[MAKIMA] I'm giving you some
perspective on this job.
I have an acquaintance
in forensics.
They told me unhelpful
pups get put down.
[DENJI] Here I was
thinkin' she was sweet.
Hell, I even liked her a little.
Who knew she'd turn out
to be so scary?
Treatin' me like
a damn dog, of all things.
[barks]
[gasps]
[DENJI] I just remembered
that Pochita's dead.
[stomach growls]
[MAKIMA] None of us have
eaten breakfast either.
We'll grab a quick bite
at the rest stop up ahead.
No food for me.
I'm broker than broke.
[MAKIMA]
Get whatever you're hungry for,
and don't sweat the cost.
It's my treat.
[DENJI]
Really?
Wear this so your shirtless self
doesn't stand out.
[DENJI]
Huh?
Take it.
[DENJI] People always
call me dirty and smelly,
and straight up avoid me.
Nobody ever acts this nice.
'Specially when they look
half as good as her!
[DENJI]
I'm in love!
Um. I'll take some udon and...
Sausage on a stick! That cool?
Very cool. Curry udon
for me, if you please.
[CLERK A]
Comin' right up.
Man! That don't sound
bad either, y'know...
[MAKIMA]
Whoa, there. Are you okay?
Can you stand up?
[CLERK A]
Poor fella.
[DENJI]
You smell good.
[AGENT A]
What's the grand total?
--[MAKIMA] Denji?
--[gasps] I'm sorry!
Those creeps weren't
the only ones
my chainsaws tore through.
Guess I'm almost as low
on blood as I am on dough.
Just how did your body
evolve into a human weapon?
I adopted a pet devil,
and the little guy
replaced my heart.
Unbelievable, right?
I honestly don't
wanna believe it.
Pochita givin' up his life
so I could keep mine.
Historically speaking,
a devil taking the place
of a human's vital organ
has very few precedents.
So few, in fact,
it doesn't even have a name.
[MAKIMA]
Though it's rare, I believe you.
See, I have a nose that detects
certain things most can't.
And it knows you aren't lying.
[gasps]
[MAKIMA] Your best friend is
still alive inside of you.
Both in a figurative
and literal sense.
Your body's emitting two smells.
One human, one devil.
Yeah? Awesome!
That's such a huge relief.
[DENJI gasps]
Where's the udon?
Huh, huh? Where?
[sighs]
[stomach growls]
Um, can I please dig in?
Sure. I have to ask, though.
Think you're really up to it?
Of course I--
I'm gonna need help.
[MAKIMA]
Here. Say, "Ah."
Ahh.
[MAKIMA]
Like it?
[barks]
It's endearing to see someone
enjoy soggy udon this much.
You're a good boy, aren't you?
No different than a trained dog.
So, I, uh... I didn't
catch your name.
Makima.
Miss Makima.
D-Do you have a type?
Like, in guys?
Huh. Well...
Currently, I'm into
Denji-type boys.
Denji-type?
[gasps]
[DENJI]
Dude, that's me.
[DENJI] D-Do you have a type?
Like, in guys?
[MAKIMA] Currently,
I'm into Denji-type boys.
You know, uh--
I'm into you, too, Miss Makima.
[MAKIMA] Come on, Denji.
We're going in here.
[MAKIMA]
This building's the Tokyo HQ
for our Devil Hunters.
[MAKIMA] Including civilians,
there are over a thousand
Devil Hunters
defending this city,
but Public Safety
operatives have
the best benefits
package by far.
All the paid time off
is pretty amazing.
[DENJI] Safe to say Miss Makima
has a thing for me.
If the two of us work together,
will we eventually get together?
And then if we get together,
we can do that stuff together!
I want it! I wanna do
that stuff so bad!
[elevator dings]
You listening?
Yes?
[MAKIMA] Put these on.
We typically work in uniform.
Once you're dressed, I'll
introduce you to a colleague.
This gentleman here
is Aki Hayakawa.
He's your senior by three years.
You're going to shadow him
for the day, Denji.
[DENJI gasps]
[DENJI]
I thought you 'n' me would be
workin' together as a team.
[AKI]
Well, you figured wrong.
She's so out of your league
you don't even play
the same sport.
Now let's go patrol.
Wait, please! Miss Makima!
[AKI]
Really? Get up.
[DENJI] No way! I ain't goin'
anywhere unless it's with her!
Perform well and we'll
work together down the road.
The road's length
depends on you.
So, chin up, and do your best.
[CROWD chattering]
[DENJI] Hey, big man. Is Miss
Makima, like, single? Or...?
[DENJI]
Do you know?
Hey!
Come with me.
[DENJI groans]
[DENJI coughs]
Yeah, you really should quit.
Show up tomorrow,
and I'll kick your ass again.
What's your problem?
Just that my kindness
seems a bit wasted on you.
People who don't knuckle down
and wise up to this job die.
Every associate
I've met that got into
devil hunting for the paycheck
is pushing up daisies now,
and that's not an exaggeration.
The only ones who
survive are those with
strong convictions
at their core.
Lemme guess.
Makima's the sole reason
you're here. Am I right?
Bingo.
[AKI] Then I'm glad I
beat the crap out of you.
[AKI] I'll do you a favor
and tell her you ran away.
Terrified by the devils
that would've ended you.
[DENJI grunts]
[groans]
Thought you were
full of it when you said
you wasted kindness on me.
But you are nice!
Cuz when I fight a dude,
it's nuts! Or! Nothing!
[DENJI panting]
Okay, so.
I had some udon for
the first time ever today.
I also ate a sausage.
Another first for me
was being treated
like a freakin' human being.
Someone even paid for my meal.
I'm almost afraid I'm gonna
wake up from this dream!
So what if I didn't
think it through
when I agreed to this gig?
I would die to keep
this life. Understand me?
[DENJI] Well, maybe I'm
not okay with dying.
It's not just my life anymore.
[AKI grunts]
[AKI]
Yeah, you are dreaming!
See, a woman like Makima
is way too good for
a thug like you!
[DENJI]
Huh? What the hell?
Bet you're just
saying that cuz you
want her for yourself,
huh, numb nuts?
[AKI groans, coughs]
[AKI]
You weren't joking.
Just went for the balls.
Nothing else. All balls.
[DENJI]
Dammit.
Hm?
A testicle devil appeared and
went apeshit on
his nutsack, ma'am!
No, he's lying. He made
that entire thing up.
Aw, you already seem so close.
You think you two can
work with each other?
[DENJI]
Not a chance!
I'd sooner work with a trashcan.
Seems like you're on
the same wavelength.
I think assigning Denji to
your squad is the right choice.
Squad?
This punk in my unit?
I've got enough
troublemakers as it is.
Adding another weirdo to
the mix would... I don't know...
Remember when I
put your team together?
I said that you'd be
operating differently
as a sort of experiment.
[DENJI yawns]
Please, ma'am,
what's the deal with this guy?
[MAKIMA]
Denji here is a human,
however he can also
turn into a devil.
Damn straight! Pretty sick, huh?
Are you being completely
serious? Kind of a shock.
I never took those cases for
more than baseless rumors.
[MAKIMA]
This case is special.
Thus, Denji is going to be
receiving special
treatment from us.
Should he attempt to resign,
or ever disobey orders,
he'll be disposed of
as a devil on the spot.
[DENJI]
Hm?
Wait a sec. What does that mean?
We're colleagues,
until death do us part.
You'll be living with me now.
Makes watching you easier.
FYI, I've been instructed
to kill you should you run.
Hey, you think
Miss Makima is bad?
If you're that unsure, then you
should just give up on her.
You are a devil.
Be grateful that you're alive.
Hunting your kind is what we do.
Then, Miss Makima's good.
[AKI]
That should go without saying.
How can she be anything less
when she saved my life?
Yeah, she's good.
Hope I can hug her
again someday.
Huh?!
[DENJI] Got strawberry jam,
plum jam, orange marmalade.
Butter and honey were
a nice touch, too,
but let's spice it up
with cinnamon.
[DENJI] I have created
the ultimate toast!
Whoa!
[DENJI]
It's fan-friggin-tastic!
♪ Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. ♪
♪ Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. ♪
♪ Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow... ♪
Finish it up in there!
[snoring]
[knocking]
[AKI]
Don't sleep on the toilet!
[DENJI yawns]
[sighs]
[sirens blaring]
[POLICE A]
A Fiend's been reported in an
east Nerima residence.
All civilians have evacuated
and the area is
fully cordoned off.
[POLICE B]
So, the Fiend in question is
holed up in a second story room.
We'll let you Devil Hunters
take it from here.
[POLICE C] Got a rookie
taggin' along, Hayakawa?
So, what's this Fiend thing?
[AKI sighs] Please.
They cover Fiends in school.
Well, I didn't go to school.
Devils who take control
of corpses are Fiends.
[gasps] Wait,
that would make me one.
[AKI] No. Their heads have
very distinctive features.
You'll see what I mean
soon enough.
[hisses]
Fiends have the
devil's personality,
and you're gonna kill this one.
Turn devil and show me
what you can do.
That'll help me determine
how useful you are.
[FIEND A]
Don't look.
I'll poke out your eyes
before I kill you!
Damn Devil Hunters
to hell and back!
[FIEND A yells]
[FIEND A groans]
Hey. Why didn't you
transform into a devil?
Well, uh, when I kill
things with my powers,
it's messed up.
Like, super cruel.
And I was thinkin', yikes.
How stupidly close
was I to ending up
like beetle-face over here?
Bottom line is, I wanted to
make it painless if I could.
You know the real bottom line?
Fiends are bona fide devils.
No place for sympathy
if you're hunting them.
Know what else?
I witnessed a devil
kill my whole family.
I've had drinks
with those cops outside.
They're risking their lives
to protect the people
they hold most dear.
Everyone's serious
about this but you.
I want any devil I slaughter
to suffer as much as possible.
Then there's you, the sap who
wants to be buddies with them.
[gasps] I'll gladly
be a devil's friend
if they ever made the offer.
Cuz I don't have any friends.
[AKI]
I'll remember that. Believe me.
[DENJI]
Guess I pissed 'im off.
Truth is, I was just trying to
keep blood off the merchandise.
Gets gory real fast when
the chainsaws are
revved and raring.
I made it quick 'n' easy,
so these are my reward!
All right. The porn is secured.
Show me your dreams.
That's all I ask of you.
You know I'm serious,
right? Pochita?
I'm livin' the dream.
My end of the bargain
is being fulfilled.
I'll remember that. Believe me.
[DENJI]
Bet we don't see eye-to-eye
cuz he's still
chasing his dream,
while I already nabbed
mine and then some.
[DENJI] I take daily baths,
eat awesome food,
hang around a sexy chick
who doesn't mind me.
My life's a ten outta ten,
so why's it feel like
something's missing?
Is something missing?
Did I space on my true goal?
His goal's gotta be
some revenge shit,
and they're trying to
protect their families.
[DENJI] Is she running
for a finish line, too?
Oh, Miss Makima. I really
wanna touch her boobs.
[gasps] I gave up on the feel-up
thing forever and a day ago,
but I've got a big-boy job now,
so maybe I can pull it off!
I doubt I could go
all the way with a girl,
but second base?
Where there's a will,
there's a way,
and there's definitely a will!
Everyone's serious
about this but you.
[DENJI]
I understand what he meant now!
And I found one, or two
things I'm serious about!
The goal to give
my life purpose...
...is melons!
As in the fruit?
Idiot! At least try
to pay attention!
To what?
Some exciting news.
Starting today,
you'll have a partner.
Who, me?
[MAKIMA]
Yes, you.
As a precaution,
Public Safety executes patrols,
small-scale missions, and
whatnot with two-person teams.
Ah, perfect timing. She's here.
Do watch your back, though.
She's a bit on
the Fiendish side.
[POWER] All right,
on your knees, mortal scum!
Including so-called partners!
You stand in
the presence of Power!
Power? That's your name?
Those horns! Wait, hold up!
A Fiend Devil Hunter's gotta be
breakin' some kinda rule!
Uh--
Eh, guess it's fine.
Great to meetcha!
[AKI]
Hm?
Fiends are just as much targets
for elimination as devils.
But since Power
is highly rational,
I appointed her
to Hayakawa's squad.
Public Safety
Devil Extermination
Special Division Four
is experimental, after all.
Because of that,
the higher ups will be
looking to swiftly
dissolve your team
if you can't get results.
You're both aware of
what's in store for you
should that prove
to be the case, yes?
[MAKIMA] Power's horns will
attract unwanted attention,
so the fewer pedestrians in the
areas you patrol, the better.
[POWER grunts]
Human! Supply prey
for me, post haste!
I yearn for the savor of blood!
[meows]
[DENJI]
I can put up with crazy
as long as the crazy's
hot enough.
How do I get my hands on
those boobs, though?
[gasps]
[MAKIMA] If you run into
any civilian Devil Hunters,
or the police question you about
what your intentions are...
We're Public Safety
Devil Hunters, sirs.
[MAKIMA] They might give you
a sour expression,
but they should leave
you alone after that.
Where're all the
devils tucked away?
The blame likely lies with me.
Before I took up
the life of a Fiend,
I was a formidable devil,
feared by all!
I'm sure my scent
alone is enough
to scare demonic peons away!
You for real?
How do we hunt devils with
no devils to hunt? [gasps]
Should you have questions
about this change,
just ask Hayakawa.
He's the one who
paired you two together.
[DENJI] That grade-A asshole!
He set me up!
Stuck me with
this devil-repellent
so I can't do anything cool!
Some weak attempt
to get me fired!
[gasps] I smell blood!
Hey! What's the rush, crazy?
Get back here!
Time to fight, time to fight!
Time to take you out!
Damn, she's fast!
Yes, that's correct, sir.
The scene's evacuated
and blocked as of now.
It's the Sea Cucumber Devil.
Requesting backup
in front of Nerima Station.
Yeah, "Sea Cucumber."
Uh, animal, technically.
Uh-- Look! What I'm
trying to say--
[CIVILIAN DEVIL HUNTER A gasps]
Holy shit.
Mortals, behold!
The glory of the kill is mine!
[cackling]